Update FCL Developer Wallet README (#57)
onflow/fcl-dev-wallet: README.md

> # FCL Dev-Wallet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# FCL Development Wallet
```

I think we should call it by its full name here

> A Flow wallet for development purposes. To be used with the Flow Emulator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Flow wallet for development purposes, to be used with the Flow emulator through the [Flow Client Library](https://docs.onflow.org/fcl/) (FCL).
```

## Introduction

> The FCL `dev-wallet` is an `fcl` [(Flow client-library)](https://github.com/onflow-flow-js-sdk) compatible Flow wallet that simulates the protocols used by `@onflow/fcl` to interact with the Flow blockchain on behalf of Flow accounts.

Reviewer: I'm not sure I like the hyphenated stylization of the dev wallet. I'd prefer to refer to tools by their full name "i.e. FCL dev wallet", "FCL" rather than in code brackets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The FCL dev wallet is a mock Flow wallet that simulates the protocols used by [FCL](https://docs.onflow.org/fcl/) to interact with the Flow blockchain on behalf of simulated user accounts.
```

**IMPORTANT**

```
This project implements an FCL compatible
interface, but should **not** be used as a reference for
building a production grade wallet.

This project should only be used in aid of local
development against a locally run instance of the Flow
blockchain like the Flow emulator, and should never be used in
conjunction with Flow Mainnet, Testnet, Canarynet or any
other instances of Flow.
```

## Getting Started

> Before using the dev-wallet, you'll need to start the Flow emulator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before using the dev wallet, you'll need to start the Flow emulator.
```

### Install the `flow-cli`

> The Flow emulator is part of the `flow-cli`. Instructions for installing the `flow-cli` can be found here: [https://docs.onflow.org/flow-cli/install/](https://docs.onflow.org/flow-cli/install/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Flow emulator is bundles with the Flow CLI. Instructions for installing the CLI can be found here: [https://docs.onflow.org/flow-cli/install/](https://docs.onflow.org/flow-cli/install/)
```

### Create a `flow.json` File

> To create `flow.json` file run this command (typically in your project's root directory):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run this command to create `flow.json` file (typically in your project's root directory):
```

```
flow init
```
### Start the Emulator

Start the emulator by running the following command from the directory containing `flow.json` in your project:

```sh
flow emulator start
```

> ###  Start the Dev-Wallet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###  Start the Dev Wallet
```

> To use the dev-wallet simply start the service using Docker:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run the dev wallet using its Docker image:
```

```bash
docker run ghcr.io/onflow/fcl-dev-wallet:latest
```

## All-In-One

You can run the dev-wallet + Flow emulator together using `docker-compose`:

```
docker-compose up -d
```
## Startup Options

> The following startup options can be configured (defaults shown). If you're using `docker-compose` these configuration values are defined in the [`docker-compose.yml`](https://github.com/onflow/fcl-dev-wallet/docker-compose.yml) file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following startup options can be configured (defaults shown). If you're using DockerCompose, these configuration values are defined in [`docker-compose.yml`](docker-compose.yml).
```

```bash
docker run ghcr.io/onflow/fcl-dev-wallet:latest \ 
  -e PORT=8701 \
  -e FLOW_ACCESS_NODE=http://emulator:8080 \
  -e FLOW_ACCOUNT_KEY_ID=0 \
  -e FLOW_ACCOUNT_PRIVATE_KEY=4f82df6790f07b281adb5bbc848bd6298a2de67f94bdfac7a400d5a1b893de5 \
  -e FLOW_ACCOUNT_PUBLIC_KEY=519e9fbf966c6589fafe60903c0da5f55c5cb50aee5d870f097b35dfb6de13c170718cd92f50811cdd9290e51c2766440b696e0423a5031ae482cca79e3c479 \
  -e FLOW_INIT_ACCOUNTS=0 \
  -e FLOW_ACCOUNT_ADDRESS=0xf8d6e0586b0a20c7 \ 
  -e FLOW_AVATAR_URL=https://avatars.onflow.org/avatar/ 
```

**Note:** The following variables should match the `emulator-account` defined in your project's `flow.json` file.
 For details about `flow.json` visit the `flow-cli` [configuration reference](https://docs.onflow.org/flow-cli/configuration/).

```
FLOW_ACCOUNT_PRIVATE_KEY
FLOW_ACCOUNT_PUBLIC_KEY
FLOW_ACCOUNT_ADDRESS
```

> ## Configuring Your Application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configuring Your JavaScript Application
```

> The FCL `dev-wallet` was designed to be used with [`@onflow/fcl`](https://github.com/onflow/flow-js-sdk) with a version of `0.0.68` or higher. `fcl` can be installed with: `npm install @onflow/fcl` or `yarn add @onflow/fcl`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The FCL dev wallet is designed to be used with [`@onflow/fcl`](https://github.com/onflow/flow-js-sdk) version `0.0.68` or higher. The FCL package can be installed with: `npm install @onflow/fcl` or `yarn add @onflow/fcl`.
```

> To use the dev-wallet, configure `fcl` to point to the address of a locally running [Flow emulator](#emulator), and the dev-wallet endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the dev wallet, configure FCL to point to the address of a locally running [Flow emulator](#start-the-emulator) and the dev wallet endpoint.
```

```javascript
import * as fcl from "@onflow/fcl"

fcl.config()
  // Point App at Emulator
  .put("accessNode.api", "http://localhost:8080") 
  // Point FCL at dev-wallet (default port)
  .put("discovery.wallet", "http://localhost:8701/fcl/authn") 
```

> ### Harness 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Test Harness 
```

PORT=3001 npm run start
```

> You can now visit http://localhost:3001 to try out the dev-wallet.

Reviewer: They no longer need to clone the `orodio` repo -- they can just navigate to http://localhost:8701/harness.
